Tell me... everything.
We walked into an ambush.
Most of my team didn't make it out.
Yet. you survived.
Lucky me. right?
Imperial forces
are spreading out across the city.
A full lockdown is imminent.
Perhaps we should consider
relocating to another system.
No. not yet.
Stick to the plan.
Yes. My Lord.
You're aware
this is not going to go well?
It was my mission that failed.
I'll take the blame.
Could be worse.
It's not like we were harboring Jedi.
Is this about the girl?
She tried to kill you.
An admirable attempt.
She will make an excellent apprentice.
We can't leave the city.
Freeze!
It's best
if we find a safe place to hide.
Where. Master?
We don't exactly have
a lot of contacts here.
We only need one.
My Lord. there is something
you should see.
Your son was kind enough to invite us in
while we waited for you.
Great. Tea time is over.
You need to go. Now.
Dad? What... What's going on?
Devon.
Perhaps you and the captain's son
could give us a moment.
All right.
Rylee. let's let the grownups talk.
Yeah. sure.
Uh. come on.
Make sure she doesn't steal anything.
Do you know what the Empire
will do to me. to Rylee.
if they find out
we're even talking to you?
I imagine it would not be dissimilar to
what they planned for Devon and myself.
Perhaps it's time I explained.
My name is Jedi Master Eeko-Dio Daki.
My Padawan. Devon. and I barely survived
what could only be described
as a purge of the Jedi Order.
We were only passing through your world.
But the arrival of the Empire
has complicated matters.
We are simply looking
for a place to take refuge.
There is nothing simple
about what you just told me.
Perhaps you have insight
into smuggling routes.
criminal passages.
anything that could help us.
Look. I'm no friend of the Empire.
believe me.
But I've got a kid to think about.
I'm sorry.
Nice room.
Is that your mom?
What? Oh. yeah.
She and Dad. they. uh...
They're not together right now.
She got a job working for the Empire
on Coruscant.
uh. but I stayed here.
You know. I've got school and the team.
What. like sports?
You don't know botekin?
You must not have grown up
around here. then.
It's... It's pretty popular.
Yeah. I'm pretty sure my life growing up
was a little different than yours.
Yeah.
The Empire sent someone
to interrogate me about Maul.
I heard one of the troopers
call him an Inquisitor.
What did you tell him?
Nothing about you. obviously.
They let me go.
but I don't know if he believed me.
Devon. we must leave. Now.
Jedi.
- No. wait.
- Rylee. get back!
- Run!
- Come on!
Who is that? Are they Jedi?
What's happening?
This keeps getting better.
Come on.
Protect them.
- Master. but I...
- Go!
Freeze! Stop right there!
Stand down! Drop your weapon!
Dad. it's the Empire.
What are you doing?
Rylee. stay down!
Hey. Lawson.
Maybe the roof wasn't the best plan.
Maybe showin' up on my doorstep
wasn't the best plan.
Hit her!
Devon. transport. now!
Stand down. or we will open fire.
What the...
Onto the ship.
You ever flown one of these before?
Not exactly.
Go over it. Over it!
You want to fly this thing?
Yes. You're gonna get us ki...
You were saying?
That little maneuver
won't lose him for long.
You know they can
track this thing. right?
None of this makes any sense.
Why is the Empire after us?
The Empire isn't
what you think it is. son.
Hang on!
Hurry! They're coming back around.
Imperial Registration
is the best proven policy in the galaxy.
I didn't expect this
to escalate so quickly.
The Empire appears
to greatly value efficiency.
which I find commendable.
Also. they are especially eager
to share their resources.
Look at all the support
we are receiving.
I suspect that Captain Lawson will see
that this was the right decision
in the end.
Why. perhaps he'll even be pleased.
Captain Brander Lawson
wanted by the Empire for treason.
Use of deadly force has been authorized.
Careful to not follow
your superior's lead.
Those are not standard-issue. droid.
Get rid of them.
Attention. citizens.
Off-world travel has been temporarily
halted by order of the Empire.
All civilian vessels are grounded
until further notice.
Off-world travel has been
temporarily halted by the order...
The Empire now knows we are Jedi.
They won't stop hunting us
even if we get out of the city.
Yeah? You think?
Well. then. where are we going. Lawson?
I've got someone who might be able
to get us off the planet.
She is not going
to be happy about it. though.
Of course. Certainly.
There you are.
Wonderful to see you.
Lawson.
What did you do now?
Long story.
Follow me.
Brought your kid. huh?
And them? Do I even want to know?
No.
Rheena. we need transport off-world.
Where?
Somewhere the Empire is not.
Good luck with that.
With the kouhun's nest
that's been stirred up out there.
there's heat on everyone right now.
Hey. you know I wouldn't come to you
if I wasn't desperate.
Please.
I'll see what I can do.
Impy's getting closer.
Trashy droid.
Imperial troops engage targets
in Sector 9.
You're going out there
to save the girl from the Jedi hunter.
This is an opportunity.
The strongest metal
is forged at the crucible.
And if she fails?
She need only prove her resilience.
and she will find me her ally.
You know this woman?
I've heard my dad mention her.
They used to work together.
She's one of his informants.
Supposedly.
Are you certain we
can trust your friend?
Sul and I go way back.
Before I was a detective.
I traveled around a bit.
She was a bounty hunter at the time.
We got into a scrape on Catalor.
It went as bad as it can go.
I'm only alive because of her.
and she's only alive because of me.
Rylee. time to go.
Wait here. Let me handle this.
And in case this gets messy. run.
I'd get ready to run.
Fan out.
Search and detain.
May I help you?
- I'm the owner of this establishment.
- With me.
Did you not hear?
Hey! Get your hands off me!
So much for that.
Rylee. into the lift!
You stay with Devon.
- Dad! Dad!
- I'll be right behind you.
What about my dad?
We'll find your dad.
But right now we've got to go.
Sector 5. send transport.
Cover the exits! Squads are
engaging the fugitives inside.
Acknowledged.
Messy enough for you. Captain?
What?
There they are!
Where's Rylee?
Devon is well-trained.
She will protect your son.
You have my word.
Your word?
Is that supposed to make me feel better?
- Yes.
- Well. it doesn't.
Oh. Hello.
Going to find you.
Scan the chaos.
Wait!
Smile.
Please watch your step.
We have to find my dad.
Keep moving! The... the train. Go!
What? No. I... I can't leave you.
Rylee. go! Go!
Devon!
Where is Maul?
Tell me.
I'm right here.
So it's true. You live.
You will all be dealt with.
Now you have seen the face
of your true enemy.
My Lord. I can confirm
the presence of Maul.
He is more dangerous than we suspected.
It seems he is in league with two Jedi.
How shall I proceed?